Xiaoya
We're going to have children of our own.
It's all over now.
We are about to usher in a new life
Maybe this child was sent by God
Take care of you for your mother
Mom?
Xiaoya
Sorry.
Shanshan and I were just trying to scare you
I didn't expect it to become like this
It's You
You killed my mother
You still died, didn't you, Zhang Yufeng?
Xiao Ai, I'm sorry
After we found out that you were no longer related
I have stopped Shanshan from going.
I thought he was not going to go.
Who knows if he still told his aunt?
Xiao Ai, I'm sorry, I'm sorry.
Let you go
Get out of here
Go away
We never want to see you again
roll
Hahahaha
Ajiang Shanshan
Rescue hatred
Not with you